Fix 3459 Dev Guide - Styling and theming (#3868)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/styling-and-theming.md

|       +-- img/
|       +-- less/
|           +-- common.less
|           +-- style-module.less
|       +-- bootstrap-theme.less
|       +-- bootstrap-variables.less
|       +-- icons.less
|       +-- ms2-theme.less
|       +-- theme.less
|       +-- variables.less
```

`theme.less` is the entry point for all the main imports and it needs to be properly required in `buildConfig.js`.

imports:
- icons.less contains font-face declaration for glyphs, it extends the bootstrap glyphicons to use custom MapStore icons
- bootstrap-theme.less contains all the less style for bootstrap components
- ms2-theme.less contains all the less style for MapStore components
- variable.less

below an example of entry configuration:
```js
entry: assign({
    ...other entries,
    'themes/theme-name': path.join(__dirname, 'path-to', 'theme-name', 'theme.less')
}, ...args),
```

MapStore uses a `themeEntries` function to automatically create the entries for default themes that can be found uder the `web/client/themes` directory.
Default themes in [`web/client/themes`](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStore2/tree/ directory are useful to have an overview of the structure described above.

> Note: we suggest to place the theme folder inside the assets directory for MapStore project

Reviewer: Are you sure about this? Do you mean the source less files or the compiled css files? I agree for the css, not sure about less.

### variables.less
MapStore uses basic less variables to change theme colors, buttons sizes and fonts.
It possible also to override bootstrap less variable for advanced customization.
Basic variables can be found in the variable.less file

New declarations in MapStore should have the following structure:

global: `@ms-rule-value`

local: `@ms-name-of-plugin--rule-value`

- `@ms` suffix for MapStore variable
- `name-of-plugin` for local variable it's important to write the name of plugin in kebab-case
- `rule-value` value to use in compiled CSS, some examples:
    - `color` generic color variable
    - `text-color` color for text
    - `background-color` color for background
    - `border-color` color for border

### less/ directory

The less/ directory contains all the modules needed to create the final CSS of MapStore.

Each file in this directory is related to a specific plugin or component and the files are named based on the plugin's name are referring to.

common.less file can be used for generic styles. 

### inline styles

> Inline styles should be apply only for values that change dynamically during the lifecicle of the application, all others style should be moved to the related .less file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inline styles should be applied only for values that change dynamically during the lifecycle of the application, all other styles should be moved to the related .less file.
```

> Main reason of this choice is to allow an easer overrides of styles in custom projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Main reason of this choice is to allow easier overrides of styles in custom projects.
```

## Add New Theme

To add a new theme:
1. create a new folder in the themes folder with the name of your theme
1. create less files in the folder (at least `theme.less`, the main file, and `variables.less`, to customize standard variables)
1. add the new theme to the [index file](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStore2/blob/master/web/client/themes/index.js), with the id corresponding to the theme folder name

You can then switch your application to use the theme adding a new section in the `appConfig.js` file:

```
initialState: {
    defaultState: {
        ...
        theme: {
            selectedTheme: {
                id: <your theme id>
            }
        },
        ...
     }
}
```

## Override Styles in a Project

> Styles can be overrided declaring same classes in a less module placed in a new project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Styles can be overridden declaring the same classes in a less module placed in a new project.
```
